Fix style ordering issues caused by composing from imported CSS modules (#1589)
silx-kit/h5web: CONTRIBUTING.md

be avoided.

In most cases, a component that needs styling should come with its own CSS
Modules file - e.g. `MyComponent.module.css`. If multiple components need to use
the same style rules, they may import the same CSS Modules file:

```tsx
import styles from './ThisComponent.module.css';
import otherComponentStyles from './OtherComponent.module.css';
```

However, it is better to write reusable components or take advantage of a CSS
Modules feature called **composition**:

```css
/* ThisComponent.module.css */
.thisBtn {
  composes: baseBtn from './utils.module.css';
  color: blue;
}

.selectedBtn {
  composes: baseBtn;
  color: red;
}

/* utils.module.css */
.baseBtn {
  color: green;
}
```

To avoid
[style ordering issues](https://github.com/privatenumber/vite-css-modules/issues/7),
modules that are composed from other modules (`utils.module.css` in the example
above) should be used solely for composition and never be imported. In other
words, you should never compose from a class located in the CSS Modules file of
another React component:

```css
/*
  >>> BAD <<<
  If `OtherComponent.module.css` gets imported after `ThisComponent.module.css,

>   the `.baseBtn` rule will end up after `.thisBtn` and `color: blue` will win.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the `.baseBtn` rule will end up after `.thisBtn` and `color: blue` will be applied.
```
